dashboard-br (#1469)
vesoft-inc/nebula-docs: docs-2.0/nebula-dashboard-ent/4.cluster-operator/8.backup-and-restore.md

  | s3.access_key | The Access Key ID that is used to identify a user. For example, `AKIAI44QH8DHBxxxx`.          |
  | s3.endpoint   | The domain URL of the entry point for the cloud storage service. For example, `https://s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com`. The URL containing `bucket_name` is not supported, such as `https://{bucket_name}.s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com`. |
  | s3.region     | The physical location of a data center. For example, `us-east-1`.                    |
  | s3.secret_key | The Access Key Secret that is used to verify the identity of the user. For example, `je7MtGbClwBF/2Zp9Utk/h3yCoxxxx`. |
  | storage path  | The data storage path which **must start with `s3`**. For example, `s3://br-test/backup/`.                 |      

  The following configurations are examples for Alibaba Cloud Object Storage Service and Amazon S3:

  - For Amazon S3:

    ![amazon_s3](https://docs-cdn.nebula-graph.com.cn/figures/amazon_s3_2022-06-20_14-29-11.png)

  - For Alibaba Cloud Object Storage Service:
    ![aliyun_oss](https://docs-cdn.nebula-graph.com.cn/figures/br_s3_aliyun_2022-06-20_12-07-37.png)

  !!! caution

>       To back up data to OSS, you need to replace `oss` with `s3` for the OSS storage path. For example, change the original OSS path `oss://nebula-br-test/` to `s3://nebula-br-test/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        To back up data to OSS, you need to replace `oss` with `s3` for the OSS storage path. For example, change the original OSS path `oss://nebula-br-test/` to `s3://nebula-br-test/`.
```

  Environment check includes:

  - Your Nebula Graph cluster is running.
  - The access key to log onto the storage service has not expired.
  - The status of business traffic. It only checks if the QPS of your business is 0. When QPS is not 0, you are prompted to back up data during off-peak hours.

  !!! note

        You are unable to submit the backup when your cluster works abnormally or the access key to the storage service has expired.
  
6. View the created backup file in the backup list.
   
  ![br_list](https://docs-cdn.nebula-graph.com.cn/figures/brlist_2022-06-27_14-23-24_en.png)

  - The backup list shows backups created within 30 days by default, showing backup name, time, status, backup spaces, backup type, storage path, and related operations.
    - The backup status includes `running`, `success`, and `failed`.
    - Related operations include restoring the backup, viewing restoration records, viewing logs generated by the backup operation, and deleting the backup.
  - You can filter created backups by creation time and status) or search backup file names for backups.

  !!! note

>         You're unable to perform a new backup until the previous backup is completed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        You are unable to perform a new backup until the previous backup is completed. 
```
